Add "International companies" to best practice list (#44749)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/apple-mdm-setup.md

Client A's VPP token will be assigned to the above fleets.

### Enterprises that acquire

> For enterprises that acquire, the best practice is to add a new AB and VPP connection for each acquisition.

Reviewer: Just something to note for us internally, I think typically what happens is you just import the acquired entities AB/VPP tokens. I do agree though that best practice would be to add new ones so you manage everything under one AB account but even to do that, you may need some kind of overlap until devices retire. You also can't migrate your VPP licenses from one AB account to another so if there is a significant cost associated with app purchases, you'll continue to manage everything separately until those apps EOL.

The acquisitions's VPP token will be assigned to the above fleets.

### Umbrella organizations

For umbrella organizations (e.g., a hospital system or university) where each entity has its own purchasing authority, the best practice is to have one AB and VPP connection per entity.

The default fleets for each entity's AB token will look like this:
- macOS: 💻 Entity A - Workstations
- iOS: 📱🏢 Entity A - Company-owned iPhones
- iPadOS: 🔳🏢 Entity A - Company-owned iPads

> Entity A's VPP token will be assigned to the above fleets.
> 
> ### International organizations
> 
> For international organizations that manage hosts across multiple countries, the best practice is to have one AB and VPP connection per country. Apple Business and VPP tokens are tied to a specific country or region.

Author: ```suggestion
### International organizations

> Support for Apple App Store (VPP) apps from non-US stores is [coming soon](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/43846).

For international organizations that manage hosts across multiple countries, the best practice is to have one AB and VPP connection per country. Apple Business and VPP tokens are tied to a specific country or region.
```
